TREMOROIDS
==========

An old-school sideways scroller with a graphical style similar to asteroids.
Rocks tumble from the sky and crash into the ground, causing debris and craters.
The player drives a tank across the landscape, trying to avoid getting stuck by
shooting the rocks and the ground to clear a path.
Some rocks release cannon upgrades for more interesting shot types.
When the player gets stuck or squashed by a rock, the game is over.

TODO
----
X Fix restart bug caused by unreleased mouse handler
X Tank explodes when hit by rocks (or its own shells?)
  Boulders too small to shatter pile up on the landscape
  Camera shake when rocks hit/shells explode/cannon fires
  sound effects - tank engine, rock impacts, cannon firing, shot impacts, tank explosion
  check deployment options
  different weapons - rapid fire machine gun, slow cannon, flak cannon, TOW/homing missile


Collision physics
Rocks are irregular polygons and may be rotating as they fall.
For a first aproximation, the maximum radius of the rock can be used to check collisions.
But inside this radius, we must be more precise:
1. rock:rock collisions
Rocks do not collide with each other - it's a bit too busy

2. rock:landscape collisions
For each of the points in the outline of the rock (corrected for its present rotation),
calculate the height of the landscape. If that point on the landscape lies within the outline
of the rock, then we trigger a collision.

3. tank:rock collisions
TODO: If the tank bounding box collides with a rock, the tank explodes.

4. tank:landscape collisions
We check the ground height at a point just in front and below the the tank tread
When the ground rises above this point, we calculate the slope from the back
to the front wheel and rotate the tank to match this angle. If this leaves the
center point between the wheels in the air, we apply accelleration due to gravity
to bring it down again. The tank gets stuck if the upward slope exceeds a threshold


Craters & debris
Rocks above a threshold size create a crater that is based on the outline of the bottom 
half of the rock. The crater outline is averaged with the existing landscape profile.
The original rock also fractures into a random number of rocks from 1 to 5 smaller rocks. 
(A rock that "splits" into a single rock, is really just bouncing, but the original rock is destroyed 
and a new, smaller one is created.)

Rocks below the crater threshold will use the top half of their outline to raise the outline of
the landscape. This simulates debris accumulating on the surface.

